[buzz]
[Vanjie] Miss Vanjie.
Miss Vanjie?
Bitch, I'm back.
I'm back by popular demand,
In Season 10,
I was the first girl out.
Miss Vanjie. Miss Vanjie.
I was humiliate--
humiliated.
I was embarrassed.
I thought I was a failure
and I wanted to hide.
It was the worst.
Oh, bitch.
But then when
the whole Miss Vanjie thing
went haywire on social media,
bitch, I made lemonade
out of lemons.
Whoa. Let me just go ahead
and do it now.
Thank y'all.
Appreciate you.
Cut the check later, bitch.
I feel very lucky to be back.
♪ Get those cookies,
get those cookies ♪
I want to show America
that I'm more than just a meme.
I'm not a one-episode
trick pony.
I'm hiding, bitch.
I'm about to hide and see
what ho's walk in this door.
'Cause I don't want them
to know I'm here just yet.
Welcome to Season 11.
It looks like things just got...
eleven-dary.
My name is Nina West
and I am 39 years old.
I'm the first one.
I am a comedy queen.
I have taken my influences
from the Muppets,
Pee Wee Herman,
Harvey Fierstein.
Oh, my God.
I write my own shows
and produce them.
I won National Entertainer
of the Year
with my legendary moving dress
that was copied by Sia.
This is unbelievable.
So if the queens,
if they know who I am,
I think some are gonna go,
fuck, she's here.
Get ready, y'all, 'cause
this sugar is so sweet.
I'm Shuga Cain, I'm 24,
and I'm from New York City.
[laughs]
Do I really have to say 40?
Oh, shit.
Shuga Cain can do anything.
She does the booty,
she does the Vanjie.
-Hi.
-Hey, girl.
I don't want people
to come to my show
and be like, oh, we know
what Shuga's gonna do today.
How long you been doing drag?
I've been doing drag
for 17 years.
Holy shit.
I've been doing it like legit
for like a year and a half.
Wow!
I just did it on a whim
and it just ended up
being the thing.
I decided to quit my job
and do drag full time.
And I shit you not,
like two days later,
I got a call from Drag Race.
It's crazy.
[laughs]
[speaking Vietnamese]
I'm Plastique Tiara,
and I'm from Dallas, Texas.
I like to describe my drag
as like the three Ps:
polished, persistent,
and pussy.
[laughs]
I been playing tricks on you.
This bitch is stunning.
It's not Instagram filters.
The bitch is stun-ning.
-Hi, sister.
-Hey.
Hi.
I grew up
in Saigon, Vietnam,
so a lot of my drag inspirations
come from Vietnamese pop stars.
I just turned 21 last month.
I could be
your grandmother, girl.
I think most queens
would think that,
oh, she's young
and she's just pretty.
What else can she do?
But I have some stuff
in my repertoire.
21?
I'm still gagged
about that. 21.
Ooh.
[ululating]
Okay.
I'm Mercedes Iman Diamond,
and I am the African princess.
I'm from Mombasa, Kenya.
I moved to America
when I was 11.
-Hey, beautiful.
-Hi, gorgeous.
My drag is all about body,
oddy, jewels.
Bling, bling, bling, honey.
What's your name?
I missed it when you came in.
Mercedes. Just like
the car Mercedes.
[Shuga] Mercedes,
Yes, honey, rich.
You will never miss that, baby.
More like a Buick.
Hold on, bitch. What?
[laughs]
Ooh.
The world wants me,
and the feeling is mutual.
My name is Scarlet Envy.
I am southern beauty
and New York City grit.
Come on, waist.
My drag is about
embracing the beauty
that you were blessed with.
I happen to be very blessed.
[cheering]
What a big day for us.
Fellow New Yorker
in the house, honey.
-Yes!
[Scarlet] Well, I worked
the birth of Venus today,
and she is Venus with a penis.
[laughs]
This honey is raw
and unfiltered.
I'm Honey Davenport,
and I'm New York City's
crown jewel.
Honey's style is anything
the hell I feel like that day.
I always say like
I might wear Givenchy,
but labels don't fit me.
[cheering]
I'm so gagged that
Miss Honey Davenport is here
'cause she is huge
in New York City.
She's a legend there.
I love a good competition, girl,
but I wouldn't call myself
a pageant queen.
I'm a performer
who exceeds limits.
Just two months ago,
I was in an off-Broadway show.
I used to have my own band.
I just don't fit
into any single box
or type of drag.
[Honey] So do you guys think
there's going to be
any surprises this season?
Oh, absolutely, girl.
Do you think
there's anyone coming back?
-Returning?
-Yeah, returning back.
[Scarlet]
Girl, I think I know.
I have a guess.
Let's say all on three.
One, two, three.
[all] Vanjie.
[Scarlet] Vanjie.
[all laugh]
Y'all think that's funny?
[cheering]
I was hiding back there,
bitch,
with my ADD ass
ready to come on out.
Come on, Scarlet.
Shuga.
[Honey] Vanjie's back.
This doll
deserves a second chance.
I'm excited to see
what she's gonna do
second time around.
I feel like I should
start looking around
for anyone else in here.
-Is anybody over here?
-[all laugh]
Aah, yes!
Oh, fish filet, bitch.
Oh, yes, it's me,
Miss A'Keria.
D-A-V-E-N-P-O-R--
and as you can see,
I'm the motherfucking T.
[cheering]
I am A'Keria Chanel Davenport,
all the way from that
fabulous House of Davenport,
where we love to drag,
and this season it will show.
My drag is in your face.
It's very sexy and shiny.
[Vanjie]
I don't see the pageant.
Wait. Which one you won, sis?
Renaissance Universe?
[all laugh and cheer]
I'm the current
reigning Miss Black Universe.
You know what? I do
consider myself a pageant queen.
I know some of y'all
don't like that word,
but, hey, I'm gonna
change your mind on it.
I can bet you that.
So how many Davenports
are there?
-Do we know?
[A'Keria] Oh, girl, listen.
We're gonna do
Season 12 Davenport.
Yes!
[all laugh]
[beep beep]
What the--
Move over, ladies.
This race just took an odd turn.
Oh, girl, the circus
is in town, Mary.
My name is Yvie Oddly,
and I'm Denver's commodity
of drag oddity.
Denver predominantly
had the sparkly, dancing
like bodysuit,
hair-flipping queens,
and I shook that up.
The inspirations I draw from
are Mugler, Alexander McQueen,
Christine Booth,
'cause she's so nuts.
[laughs]
So she's house slithering.
Wake up. Oh, it's a snake.
Don't mind my tag-along.
Mama.
I'm really confused
as to why Hot Wheels
needs to make an appearance
on RuPaul's Drag Race.
What kind of drag
do you do, girl?
I'm a conceptual queen.
I'm just here to shock
and incite shit.
[Vanjie] We're trying
to get acquainted.
She trying to get fucked.
Girl.
Okay.
Munch, munch, crunch, crunch.
Silky Ganache is here
to eat the lunch.
[cheering]
[laughter and cheering]
Introduced to some,
reacquainted to others.
She is the creamy, the dreamy,
the Southern Belle herself,
and she goes by
the delicious name
of Silky Nutmeg Ganache.
Bitch, Silk
got the good old milk.
[cheering]
Silky can do anything.
I have jumped on
a U.S. Postal truck
in the middle of my show
and drove off.
I've done it all.
-Hello, gorgeous.
-I'm Yvie.
I want to use this platform
to further my career.
You know,
having my own spinoff show,
which I want coming in the door,
and I'm gonna be honest
about that.
Or my own cooking show,
which I want as well.
I just wanna entertain.
Aah!
Silky, you nasty thing.
Yes, big Silky in the building.
Silky's my girl. Me and Silky
go all the way back.
She's bigger than life
just like she's big herself.
But she will talk
your ear off, baby.
[Silky] I got
my own brunch show.
It's secret. We actually
do something at the show.
It's my thing.
I say "attitude check,"
and everybody got to scream,
"fuck you, bitch!"
[cheering]
Okay.
Attitude check!
[all] Fuck you, bitch!
Never fear.
The queen of the north is here.
Is she international?
My name is Brooke Lynn Hytes,
and I'm not quite
Canadian bacon.
I'm more Canadian turkey bacon
because I'm a little bit leaner
than bacon.
I grew up in Toronto, Canada,
but I now live
in Nashville, Tennessee.
-What up, girl!
-[cheering]
-Aah!
I was a professional
ballet dancer for six years,
so my drag centers around
dancing and movement.
Half my toenail actually
fell off last night. [laughs]
[Scarlet] So how do you two
know each other?
The first time I met you was at
the first pageant I ever did,
EOY, and she was a former
entertainer of the year,
and we just hit it off
and clicked.
And so what year
did you win Continental?
2014.
Get the hell out.
Get out!
Brooke Lynn's
a former Miss Continental,
and that's a really big thing
for us pageant girls.
Bitch, we got some
pageant queens in this hole.
[all laugh]
I didn't really have
much of a reaction.
It's drag I've seen before.
She's sparkling,
she's wearing platinum hair,
and...whoo-hoo.
Now this is what dreams
are made of.
Yes.
Is that Ariel Versace?
I'm Ariel Versace,
and I'm 26 years old.
Ariel is basically like
if Lisa Frank
threw up on a drag queen.
That's me.
She's your little pop princess,
life-size Bratz doll.
Oh, it's a fish.
I have almost like
80.000 followers on Instagram,
but I think it's really annoying
when people are always like, oh,
you know, Ariel from Instagram.
Ariel can sing, she can act,
she can dance.
And if you're gonna
come see me in a show,
I'm not just
gonna stand there like...
I'm gonna turn it out.
[Shuga] This is turning out
to be like the pageant season.
Are you like
a pageant queen or...
[Ariel] I've competed
in pageants,
but that's not like
what I do, though,
because I get really bitchy
in pageants
'cause I'm in it to win it
kind of gig, so...
Oh. That's the real Tee.
[cheering]
Extra, extra,
read all about it.
Ra'Jah O'Hara's in the house,
and I hope you came to play.
My name is Ra'Jah D. O'Hara.
The "D,"
it's short for Davenport.
I'm from Dallas, Texas,
where everything is bigger,
better, and bolder.
Ra'Jah is a dancing queen.
I'm known for my kicks,
my splits, my energy.
But Ra'Jah is also...
it.
-Hey, girl.
-Hello.
Hi. I'm Big Silky.
Come on, Big Silky. Aah!
Why your earring coming off?
You weren't doing
the electric slide.
You just did two steps, Mary.
I'm sorry. Do I know you?
[all laugh]
-Aah!
-Oh!
Both of them, girl.
Both earrings.
This is national television,
honey.
Just staple that shit
to your ear, girl.
That's double sabotage now.
Snatch and change.
Vegas is back in the house,
and this time,
we're winning a jackpot.
You gamble, girl?
I'm Kahanna Montrese,
and if you're gonna say my name,
you've gotta say it right.
It's gotta be seductive.
Like, Kahanna.
Kahanna.
[laughs]
Kahanna's favorite look
is when she's showing her body,
but also just staying true
to like my hip-hop
showgirl dance queen.
Rhinestones out your ass.
Rhinestones
can be for pretty girls.
-Oh, you Coco's daughter.
-Yes.
Okay, she's
Coco Montrese's daughter.
You got a reputation
to live up to.
Let's see
if she lives up to that.
Don't tell me
you're coming to fight.
[all laugh]
[speaking Korean]
I'm Soju,
your K-pop drag princess.
Not only can I look pretty,
but I can also kick ass.
I always love to bring Korean
into my drag.
That's what makes me different.
A lot of people know of me
for my weekly show,
Shot with Soju, on YouTube.
So juicy.
Shake, shake, shake.
Where I review every episode
of RuPaul's Drag Race.
So this is so crazy for me
to be on this side of it.
Aah! Two Asians in the house.
I don't know about y'all,
but a couple of us
was getting Elvis.
[Ariel] You do your YouTube.
How often do you, like,
perform-perform?
I do my YouTube
like twice a week.
But do you like consider
yourself an entertainer
or just kind of like a blogger?
Oh, shit.
Full entertainer, okay?
[Ariel]
I know Soju from online.
I know that she's not
much of a performer,
which doesn't really
make sense to me,
because I'm like, girl,
why are you here?
So I guess
I'm really looking forward
to seeing what she does
to prove me wrong.
[Silky] You know what?
Got to introduce you
to the family.
Girl, attitude check.
[all] Fuck you, bitch.
Guess who back in the house?
[cheers and screams]
Oh, my God!
Hello.
My queens, welcome
to RuPaul's Drag Race.
[cheers and applause]
Or should I say welcome home?
Miss Vanjie.
[all laugh]
126 legendary queens
have sashayed through
that door before you.
So from this moment on,
you belong to a sisterhood
of badass bitches.
#DragRace.
That's right.
Queens everywhere.
So don't be too gagged
if you see them popping up
and popping off all season long.
Sometimes I swear
these sugar walls are hotness.
[all laugh]
Which leads us to
your very first photo shoot.
Are you intrigued?
-Yes!
-I thought so.
I know it's not gonna be
a regular photo shoot.
I know it's about to be
some shenanigans.
Mama Ru's up to something.
The jig is up.
Let's go.
♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪
[RuPaul] The winner
of RuPaul's Drag Race
receives a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills
cosmetics,
and a cash prize of $100.000.
With extra-special guest judge
Miley Cyrus.
♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪
♪ May the best woman ♪
♪ Best woman win ♪
Mmm, just right.
[RuPaul] Scarlet Envy.
Hello, RuPaul.
Welcome to my home.
Now, this is Albert Sanchez.
He's shot Beyoncé,
Nicole Kidman, and me.
And today it's your turn.
I'm so honored.
But don't get it twisted,
darling,
because you're calling
all the shots here.
You have to decide
how and where you pose.
Taking a photo?
Girl, I got this.
[RuPaul] Let's do it.
Choose your first position.
Oh, but, darling, hold up.
Something's missing.
Or shall I say someone.
-Hey, bitch.
-[gasps]
-Hi.
-I'm the Auntie Raja.
[Scarlet] Oh, my God.
The Raja.
Scarlet, I've invited
Drag Race legends
to pose with
each of my young'uns.
We're gonna find out
if you have what it takes
to stand amongst greatness.
Are you up for the task?
Pose the house down.
Let's get some props in here.
Gorgeous.
Are you actually
eating the olive?
That's really method, isn't it?
-You want one?
-No.
-Atta-girl.
-That's why I won.
[RuPaul laughs]
[RuPaul]
Shuga Cain. That's good.
I feel like something's missing.
Oh.
-Hey, Jush.
-[laughs] Aah!
I'm Jasmine Masters,
and I have something to say.
Oh, my God.
I love Jasmine, and I
just can't help but scream.
I live for this queen.
Now, your job
is to try to outshine her.
We'll see.
I'm just gonna pretend
I'm-a whack you
because I caught you
with my man, girl.
All right.
[all laugh]
Listen, bitch,
whup my ass if you got to,
then take me to dinner later.
Olive Garden, whore.
[RuPaul] Honey Davenport.
You know, I feel like
something's missing.
Oh, my God. [laughs]
I know you. I know you.
Wow. One of my Drag Race heroes,
my Auntie, Manila Luzon.
This is my drag niece-in-law.
How about that?
Let's go to the back,
because this looks like
a wall of winners.
Well, then maybe
I should stand over there.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Alexis and Crystal
meet at last.
Ra'Jah O'Hara
and Ginger Minj.
Phone call on your earring?
Yes, please.
[laughs]
I feel like Ra'Jah
had some good ideas.
-Ooh.
-Aah!
But I just want her
to throw the earrings away
and pose, mama, pose.
[RuPaul] Vanessa Vanjie Mateo
and Farrah Moan.
What story
are you telling us, Vanessa?
Two ho's about to get caught
when the police bust through.
I'm scared.
[laughs]
Okay, face the wall, Mary.
I love that Vanessa is just
taking charge of the situation.
Both hands up.
And I'm just gonna trust
her vision,
whether I'm actually visible
or not.
Is this some kind of a bust?
No, just two prostitutes.
So that's an ongoing theme
with you.
[laughs]
Bye. See y'all later.
Child, why did I do
the prostitution route?
[laughs]
Brooke Lynn Hytes
and Ongina.
-I'm gonna lift you up.
-Okay, ready?
One, two, three.
[RuPaul] It's an officer
and a gentle queen.
Sonique, Plastique,
Plastique, Sonique.
You have to serve, girl.
Soju and Porkchop?
That sounds delicious.
[laughs]
[RuPaul] Tae Kwon Do
she better don't.
Ariel Versace and Eureka.
Who's the beauty,
who's the beast?
-Is that a real question?
-[laughs]
Bitch, I will beat
your motherfucking ass.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Nina West and Raven.
So you're going
to feed her.
It doesn't look like
she needs to eat, but...
[laughs]
Pages of Vogue magazine,
darling.
[laughs]
Mercedes Iman Diamond
and Delta Work.
While we love on the couch...
-Okay.
-We can sit on the couch.
-The both of us? Together?
-Yes.
All those furs.
So just sit however?
You want Delta to sit
any particular way?
Uh, no, actually.
That'll be...
Just make yourself at home,
Delta.
Mercedes is beautiful.
She was very opulent,
very glamorous.
But I think she was a little
confused by the challenge.
[RuPaul] Delta, would you
like to drive this Mercedes?
I think, um, somebody needs
to be in the driver's seat.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Kahanna Montrese
and Derrick Barry.
So we are just
so in love with Bianca.
We're showing everything
but good taste.
[laughs]
Drink.
[RuPaul] Oh, okay, alcoholism.
[RuPaul] A'Keria C. Davenport
and Kimora Blac.
How about I feed you
a few cherries, darling?
I don't even like cherries,
because cherries
has a lot of GMO in it,
and I don't eat GMOs.
[RuPaul laughs]
Oh, boy.
Silky Nutmeg Ganache
and Mariah Balenciaga.
Oh, Silky is taking this
art directing seriously.
Oh, fill her up.
You're my kind of queen.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Editorial.
Is this Upscale magazine?
Ebony Jet?
What's the story
in this photograph?
We're just two girls
getting ready to go out.
Will you be taking the bus
to the club or an Uber?
Uber-ettes.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul]
Rebbie and La Toya Jackson.
Yvie Oddly and Adore Delano.
I need you to be angrier
with that bell.
All right, bitch.
Let's get angry.
I think Adore and I
are a pretty crazy match.
Aah!
[laughs]
Both of our drags
come out of that chaos
and grunge that I love.
What are you mad at?
I'm mad at the lack of olives.
They're not even stuffed.
[all laugh]
My queens, one of you
has a legendary star power
that outshined all the others.
Silky Nutmeg Ganache,
you are the winner
of this week's mini challenge.
You've won a $2.500 gift card
from Arda Wigs.
Bitch, I stomped them.
I--ooh, my wig.
I stomped them, honey.
Now you know I am
a force to be reckoned with
in this competition.
Yes!
Finally.
Let my dick out.
[Soju] So it's time to de-drag,
and I'm really excited to see
how everyone
is going to turn into boys.
I love drag,
but I love boys more.
Aah.
-Ooh, that feels so good.
-All becoming boys.
I don't even know
who's who right now.
This is so crazy.
I didn't know who was who
to start with, so...
[all laugh]
I'm standing in the corner,
Peeping Tom tease,
watching this Brooke
out of drag, y'all.
I'm sorry y'all
missing in action,
'cause it's good in person.
[Brooke Lynn] Yeah,
I think Vanjie's trade.
I think she's very handsome.
I'm into twinks,
so I think Scarlet is so cute.
When I saw her, I was like...
Damn.
[laughs] Oh, my God.
That looks so thirsty.
Hey, kitty girls.
Hey.
[cheers and applause]
Ladies, I've got some bad news.
All of your luggage was lost.
-What?
The good news is
until your luggage is found,
a representative
from the airlines
has agreed to let you use some
previously unclaimed luggage.
What the--
Oh, Pit Crew.
[cheers and laughter]
[applause]
Yes!
[RuPaul] Ladies,
for your first maxi challenge,
each of you needs to create
your own unique legendary look
using only the junk
inside these trunks.
Lucky for you,
each of these trunks
once belonged
to a Drag Race legend.
Now, Silky,
you won the mini challenge,
so you get to assign the trunks.
Silky.
I want the Violet Chachki box
because I know
there will be sequins,
there'll be lingerie that I can
make into a very cute outfit.
Violet's.
Now remember who was kiki-ing
with you and who wasn't.
So, Silky, which trunk
do you pick for yourself?
The biggest one, Peppermint.
[RuPaul] How refreshing.
I could eat
little peppermints.
Okay.
[all laugh]
Which trunk
are you going to give Scarlet?
I'm going Scarlet
Violet Chowski.
Also known as Violet Chachki.
Right.
[all laugh]
Whose trunk you gonna give
to A'Keria Davenport?
All the way from Cameroon,
Bebe Zahara Benet.
Rrrrrr.
We all deserve to be here.
If you go home, you goin' home
on your own accord.
So I give everybody
similar to what they given.
[RuPaul] Yvie Oddly.
-Alaska.
-By-ee.
-Soju.
-Kim Chi.
Ooh, you playing
the race card?
[all laugh]
All right, Ariel Versace.
I'm gonna give Area...
[all laugh]
Laganja Estranja.
[RuPaul] Brooke Lynn Hytes.
Detox today, honey.
Yes.
[applause]
Kahanna Montrese.
-Katya.
-Okay.
Ra'Jah O'Hara.
Kennedy Davenport.
Come on, sis, come through.
Mercedes Iman Diamond.
Bianca Del Rio.
-Okay.
-And what about Nina West?
[Silky]
She's gonna get Thorgy Thor.
Thorgeous.
Which trunk are you
going to give Shuga Cain?
-Sharon Needles.
-Yes.
Plastique.
Sasha Velour.
I'm here for it.
Honey Davenport.
[Silky] BenDeLaCrème.
[Honey] Okay.
Vanessa Vanjie Mateo.
Miss Vanjie
gonna be Valentina, honey.
[Vanjie] Yes!
And which trunk
you gonna give me?
You gonna get
this trunk, baby.
[all laugh]
Someone's vying
for their own spinoff.
[laughter and applause]
All right.
Thank you, Silky.
You can join the other girls.
Ladies, everything you need
to create your own
legendary look is right here.
But remember, the final look
needs to be 100% your style.
Gentlemen, start your engines,
and may the best woman win.
[yelling]
Come on, please.
-Okay.
-All right, Katya.
That's a big one, girl.
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, there you go.
Come on, Sharon.
Yes! [laughs]
This is like better
than the shit
that I actually brought.
I'm gonna need this.
[Scarlet laughs]
Baby, I'm having flashbacks.
Use your context clues.
You already know
what my biggest fear is.
It's literally
a head and legs,
and the rest is flowers.
I'm thinking, oh, my God.
I'm back here,
the first episode.
If I do not pass
this first episode...
Girl.
Do you have a plan?
Yeah, I'm doing a swimsuit
with a bustle,
and I'm gonna to cut
some pieces out of this.
So the main thing
I'm focusing on
is making sure
my silhouette is there
and they can see my body.
Not everyone gets the chance
to come back
and redeem themselves.
So I feel like I'm lucky
and I'm not gonna mess up
this opportunity.
No, bitch, I cannot.
Come on, Bertha.
Work, Bertha.
[all laugh]
I got such a good box.
Not the first time
I've heard that.
Kim Chi's box
is really inspiring me
to turn some looks.
The first thing
that I'm thinking about
is my Korean heritage.
You know, this is
my first dress I'm making.
Really?
You ain't never
made a dress before?
Yeah, but I'm excited.
I feel like I got it.
So when I see all these tulles
and all these colors,
I immediately think Hanbok.
It's a Korean dress
that all the women in Korea
wear for special occasions.
It doesn't really
show your waist,
which means
that I don't have to cinch,
and I don't have
to put my paddings on.
[Vanjie]
Ooh, that's a lot of tulle.
Last time I had that much tulle,
I got the boot, sis.
I'm not trying
to say nothin', but...
[Soju] Vanjie, don't do it.
Just make sure
you have a silhouette, sis.
[Silky] Bitch, what is this?
Why you looking stressed out?
They give me two yards
of each fabric, honey.
What that gonna do?
That don't cover nothin'
but a thigh.
I need like three more yards
of fabric with my fat ass.
Silky says that she
doesn't have enough materials
to make a finished garment.
But I'm looking at it and, girl,
there's more than enough.
[Silky] My brain
just won't think, honey.
Sometimes you have
to let the Lord use you,
and He ain't used me yet.
Well, you better hurry up
and speed dial.
Silky knows that she's on TV,
and she's here
to make her screen time,
rather than working
on her garment.
Sit.
Oh!
[cheering]
[Vanjie] Stop the madness, Mary.
Oh, my God.
Honey, I got to be the big
personality of the season.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, bitch.
So not only is Silky
not happy with what she got,
which is what she chose,
but she's making her way
around the workroom
doing all of her
saying boom-cat-cat
that she's been doing since
she walked into the door.
You get a peppermint.
Everybody get a peppermint.
Silky should probably head
back over to her peppermint box
and figure out how she's gonna
sweeten up this runway.
[Silky] I just wanna see
if everybody remember this.
Excuse me,
everybody's attention.
Attitude check!
[silence]
So y'all gonna do me like that?
-Come on, Laganja.
-Okurrr.
It's a known fact
that an evening bag
is due to a lady carrying it.
Is that it goes?
[Soju] I have no idea.
For our very first
maxi challenge,
we have to create
legendary looks
using materials
from Drag Race alumni.
And trust, if anybody knows the
pressure of the first runway.
Girl, I got
the cocktail patch, bitch.
You catching my vibe, bitch?
Yes, bitch,
I'm catching the vibe.
-You're catching my vibe.
-I'm catching the vibe, girl.
So my plan with Katya's box
is mix a little bit of Katya
with a little bit
of my hip-hop showgirl.
I can definitely see
where our drag meets.
I am a dance queen.
She gives a lot of that
in her aesthetic.
She used to be a gymnast.
I used to do gymnastics.
So I can make this work.
If I pull this off,
I'm going on Project Runway.
Okay. [laughs]
-But they just cut it.
-[laughs]
How comfortable would you guys
say you are with sewing?
I know my strengths.
My strengths are not sewing.
RuPaul says every year
"Know how to sew."
I know how to sew,
but I'm not very good at it.
Girl, I just am lost
with all of this.
Remember,
this is not Thorgy's style.
It's your style.
I know, I know.
I can use this.
I can cover this
and create like a hat
or something with it.
Or not.
I really am struggling.
I have auditioned for this show
nine times.
And I want to rise to the level
that everyone thinks
that I'm going to bring.
That's scary.
Oh, God, I really don't know.
Girl, calm down.
Nina seems
really unsure of herself,
which is crazy
because this is Nina West.
Like this is a drag legend
in our community.
I'm trying to like
think outside the box
with this fabric.
Like, why are you
in your head, mama?
[Crew member] Just moments, BJ.
[Miley] All right, Dunkie.
This is awesome.
Hey, what's up? It's me.
Barry Johnson AKA BJ.
You know why.
Don't want to get
too Mariah Carey with it.
But my friends
call me Miley Cyrus
AKA Hannah Montana.
All right, I'm gonna go and meet
the queens for the first time,
but they don't know
they're meeting me.
So I am the guest judge
this week on the panel,
but first, I wanted to go
undercover with the ladies.
I love me some
fucking beautiful women.
Pretty excited about this.
So I'm going in
as a crew member.
Can I tuck this
into your back pocket?
-Tuck away.
-Thank you.
They're never gonna know
what hit 'em.
If you ain't tucked, you ain't
part of the fucking party.
Coming at 'em with the Beej.
Season 11's
not gonna know what hit 'em.
[A'Keria] Miss Vanjie.
You're not sitting
over there by yourself, baby.
[Vanjie] Girl, I did that
last year, there was no space.
I learned my lesson quick.
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
Silky seems really confident
about hers,
but I don't really care for it
that much.
It kind of just looks like
a big, like, blanket
laying on her.
So we'll see.
-Oh, yeah, I did see that.
-Yeah.
It's not my favorite.
It's not very clean.
But she has such personality.
[Scarlet] Oh, yeah.
Huge personality.
A little overwhelming
sometimes.
Girl, this is bundt,
as in bundt cake, honey.
Bundt cake.
[Nina]
It doesn't seem to turn off.
Silky knows that she's on TV,
and she wants her moment.
Whoo!
But you can only go so far
with just being straight up
like obnoxious.
So we'll see.
[Silky] Ow!
Girl, my hair started melting.
You gotta give everyone
their moment,
you know what I mean?
Yeah, you have to fight for it
with her.
Oh, milk in my kitchen.
Oh, this kitchen's down.
-A'Keria?
-Uh-huh.
A'Keria's the one
with the issue?
What? What happened?
I need to have you just stand up
here to get an audio cue.
-Oh.
-Audio. BJ.
[Miley] Copy.
It's A'Keria's mic,
if you could fix that up.
No problem.
Let's see.
It's down here.
You have to go from the bottom.
-How you doing?
Hold on, now.
Come here. Come here.
-I took care of it.
-Come here.
Am I done?
Yeah, what's up?
Wait a minute.
[screams]
What up?
-What up?
[all scream]
Hannah Montana's in the room?
Are you kidding me?
Oh, my God!
Whoo-hoo!
Miley!
What the hell?
She's my favorite.
Drag Race is crazy.
I can't believe
this is happening right now.
[Silky] Girl, get on my back.
That's the Wrecking Ball!
That's the Wrecking Ball now!
[Soju] I'm freaking out.
I want to go and say hi to her,
but fricking Silky took her.
Boom through you ho's
like a wrecking ball.
I'm about to boom through you
Aah!
Whoo.
I think she looks scared, girl.
What up, y'all?
What up?
You ain't givin' me trade,
bitch.
[all laugh]
Oh!
-She got that short hair.
-[laughs]
I'm excited for whoever
the judge is this week, though.
[cheering]
[Miley] I'm freaking out.
I can't believe I'm here
in this double mirror shit.
I wanna write something.
Yes! Yes!
So what's everyone's vibe
tonight?
Does everyone feel
like comfortable?
We're all little nervous wrecks.
You know what?
When I'm nervous,
I know it sounds cheesy,
but seriously, breathe.
You hold one side, and you
breathe through one side,
and you exhale
through the other.
Because
if you're not breathing,
you get into this panic state,
and then you're not yourself.
My godmother is Dolly Parton,
and, you know,
something that
I've learned from Dolly
and the reason why
people love her so much
is she's always herself,
you know.
What you want to be is like
beautiful, and I know this.
But for me, a fan at home,
I fall in love
with the personality
and what Ru has done,
you do that
through your personality.
You all wouldn't be here
if you weren't confident.
You're not too scared to try.
So that already makes you
badass and a winner
because you're trying, you know.
So preach.
So I'm gonna go de-drag
and then re-drag.
Yes.
But I'll see y'all later.
And I can't wait
for you to see my look.
[cheers and applause]
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Everyone wants to be here,
including me, so...
[Silky] Don't you leave
without hugging me, honey.
-I won't.
-I discovered you.
-You did discover me.
I can credit you and my mom
for everything.
So when you gonna
discover me, bitch?
[Miley] I'm ready.
You better bring it tonight.
I know you will.
I already know.
It's really shocking
to be this close to Miley.
And it's really humbling,
actually,
because she seems genuinely
as excited about meeting us
and getting to be
a part of this experience
as we are to see her.
Have a great show.
[Nina] We will.
-See y'all.
-Thank you.
Bye.
♪ Chicken wings
on the brain ♪
♪ That's what I'm all about ♪
You got a little something
stuck in your throat.
Girl, I did.
I'm just like, girl,
this is not the Silky Show.
Take it down, take it down.
I came here for $100.000.
I got $100.000 and a man.
[static]
[RuPaul laughs]
♪ Cover girl,
put the bass in your walk ♪
♪ Head to toe,
let your whole body talk ♪
[RuPaul] And what?
Welcome to the main stage
of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Living legend Michelle Visage.
The hilarious Ross Mathews.
Style superstar Carson Kressley.
And our undercover judge,
Miley Cyrus.
It's Season 11, and I'm here
to break records, Ru.
[all laugh]
Yes, you are.
We're so happy to have you here.
I'm completely freaking out.
This week,
we challenged our queens
to create their own
legendary looks
using materials
from Drag Race royalty.
And tonight, for the first time,
they're ready to hit the runway
and show us what they got.
Gentlemen, start your engines,
and may the best woman win.
♪ Mighty love ♪
[RuPaul]
First up, Plastique Tiara.
[Michelle] Ru, I hear we have
a bud dealer on the set.
[Miley] Flower power bottom.
[RuPaul] Oh, yes.
[Plastique]
I'm floating down the runway,
living my fullest floral
fantasy.
I feel amazing.
[whispers] Rosebud.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Brooke Lynn Hytes.
[Michelle] Stop the insanity!
[RuPaul] She's strutting
like a dancer.
[Brooke Lynn]
I am superhero chic.
Like, I saved a city
and decided to go
to the club afterwards.
[RuPaul] People at home,
put your children
in dance class immediately.
[Michelle] Yes!
[RuPaul] Honey Davenport.
[Ross]
She's really blossoming.
[Michelle] Whoa!
[Honey] This ensemble is really
on brand for Honey Davenport.
You're wearing it well,
it's not wearing you.
[RuPaul] Do you think this
flower makes my head look big?
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Ariel Versace.
[Carson] Oh, she really
lights up the joint.
[all laugh]
[Miley] I'm not
the only pothead here.
[Michelle]
No, you're not, baby.
[Ariel] I'm into cosplay,
and this is custom
Poison Ivy couture.
I have my signature
big hair on,
and, yes, the carpets
do match the drapes.
[Carson] To bong fu.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Yvie Oddly.
[Carson]
When Easter baskets kill.
[all laugh]
[Yvie] I've got this
gorgeous plastic jacket
and my bald head glittering.
I'm like Budget Barbie
from the future.
[Michelle]
Forget about yes we can.
Yes we Saran.
[Ross] Come on,
wrap it up already.
[Michelle] Yes.
[Carson] You know,
she lives in the present.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] A'Keria C. Davenport.
[Michelle]
Two men enter.
[RuPaul laughs]
[Ross] That's not a mohawk,
that's a homohawk.
[A'Keria] I have completely
turned this look out.
My ho-ho,
she is tickling God.
I'm just giving you drag.
[Carson] Reminds me
of the old saying,
the higher the hair,
the smaller your car seems.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Scarlet Envy.
[Carson]
I hate when I sit on my hat.
[Michelle] Me, too.
[Scarlet]
Red is my signature color.
It's sexy, it's stimulating,
it's everything that
I feel my drag is bringing.
[Carson] Obviously her boa
is not doing carbs anymore.
[all laugh]
[Michelle] It's restricted.
[RuPaul] Soju.
It's little pancake's
play friend.
[all laugh]
[Soju] I'm putting my own twist
on the Hanbok silhouette.
I'm giving you everything
that Kim Chi and Soju
would make as a baby.
[Carson]
She is such a tulle.
[Ross] If I Soju once,
I Soju a thousand times.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara.
[Michelle]
Keep pride alive, baby.
[Ross] What color belt
should I wear?
-All the colors.
[Michelle] Yes.
[Ra'Jah] I'm serving you
seventies disco
rollerskate fish,
boots all the way up
to my fucking thighs.
Yes, ma'am. Come through.
[Carson]
Kinky roots.
[Michelle]
There you go.
[RuPaul]
Mercedes Iman Diamond.
Do you want to ride
on this Mercedes, boy?
[Mercedes]
I am feeling this look.
It fits so perfect.
The mug,
it was beat to the gods.
Okay?
[RuPaul] Capes are very big
this season.
[Michelle] So are asses.
[RuPaul laughs]
[RuPaul] Shuga Cain.
[Ross] You guys,
if you look up her skirt,
you can totally see pink.
[Michelle]
Oh, my God.
[Shuga] I love to wear dresses
that I can twirl in
and do a little flashing,
honey. Show my legs off.
Trying to show the judges
that I'm a lot of fun
and that I'm beautiful.
[Carson] Now take a bow.
I mean, bow.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Vanessa Vanjie Mateo.
[Miley] Vanjie.
[all laugh]
[Vanjie]
Last time I was on this runway,
I was not so confident.
This time I'm feeling my jush.
With my gothic
Coachella fuck outfit,
I can't breathe,
and I'm living for it.
[Carson] Soluna or later.
[all laugh]
[Michelle] Well, now we know
where the wallpaper went
from the haunted mansion.
[Carson] Ahh.
[RuPaul] Silky Nutmeg Ganache.
No foam.
[all laugh]
[Michelle] It's a new flavor
called "queermint."
[Silky] I am wearing
a sequined pencil skirt,
just like a lady
would wear to work.
With a cape,
just to give you drama.
Get into it, honey.
[all] Oh.
[Ross] Oh, my ganache.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Nina West.
[Michelle] She's so burnt.
[Miley] Head-a copper.
[Nina]
Even though I'm wearing a dress
that I'm not in love with,
my job is to strut my ass
down the runway
and give it some shoulder
and a wink or two
and make them
fall in love with me.
[RuPaul] Nina West
serving orange zest.
[all laugh]
[RuPaul] Kahanna Montrese.
[Michelle] I heard
politically she leans left.
[all laugh]
[Ross] 'Sup, bra?
[Kahanna]
This Katya/Kahanna fusion
is giving you dance queen down.
A little peek-a-boo action
with the bra.
Rhinestone bra.
Just blazing the judges
with all that shine, bitch.
[Miley]
It's Kahanna Montanna.
[all laugh]
[Michelle] Yes!
[RuPaul] Welcome, ladies.
You've already met
our extra-special guest.
She cleans up real good,
don't she?
[all laugh]
Now, when I call your name,
please step forward.
Ariel Versace.
Yvie Oddly.
Ra'Jah O'Hara.
Silky Nutmeg Ganache.
Shuga Cain.
Scarlet Envy.
Honey Davenport.
You are all safe.
You may leave the stage.
Now it's time
for the judges' critiques,
starting with Plastique Tiara.
-Hi, Plastique.
-Hi, Miley.
Well, I kind of got a glimpse
at your dress before,
and I loved it
since I was in the workroom.
There's a level of class
that I really, really loved.
Have you worn this kind
of silhouette before?
It's kind of like my go-to.
Cinch in the middle,
and then something flowing.
It looks so well done, even
though it came out of a box.
And I'm going to remember you
when I go to bed tonight.
[all laugh]
Up next, the BK, y'all,
Brooke Lynn Hytes.
Hi.
You know what that is?
-Mic drop?
-That is a mic drop, bitch,
'cause you turned it out
tonight.
Thank you.
Did you sew this whole
bodysuit situation?
-Mm-hmm, I did.
-Well, this was fantastic.
You owned the stage.
I love it when a queen just
like grabs my reins, right?
-Ooh. Okay.
-Yeah, and this says,
bitch, you're gonna watch me
while I'm up here for a minute.
This is exactly what we were
talking about in the workroom.
No matter what you're looking
like, it's always there.
It's that star power.
Thank you for that talk
about nerves, earlier.
-About nerves.
I was a little nervous,
and then I took a big breath
before I came on stage.
-Good.
-Thank you.
Next up, A'Keria C. Davenport.
The necklace is huge.
The earrings are huge.
The headpiece, it's a lot,
but I don't know,
I got excited when you
walked around that corner.
I'm a firm believer that we can
build a career on too much.
I've done it.
There's some other people here
that have done it.
-Don't ask.
-Ru.
And I love the fact
that you wore all that hair.
You didn't just do two wigs.
You didn't do
just three wigs, girl.
You did five wigs,
and I'm loving it.
Thank you.
Next up, Soju.
Why, exactly, did we go
for like a bell silhouette?
Um, it's a traditional
Korean silhouette.
Okay, that's lovely.
But the tulle is hitting
at different lengths.
There's giant knots
in the back.
It literally
doesn't tell us a story.
This is tough, because
you get one chance
to show all of us
something that intrigues.
And I don't know that
you did that with this look.
It's been a rough journey
getting here.
I got diagnosed with tendonitis
and I have a cyst.
I'm currently oozing.
Oh.
And then it popped
in the plane ride here.
So it's just been a messy week.
[laughs]
I'm so sorry
that I over-shared.
But can I tell you something?
I kind of know who you are now.
You're like a weird over-sharer,
and I like that.
It's my favorite thing
you've done so far.
So tell me more about that cyst.
[all laugh]
Up next,
Mercedes Iman Diamond.
I think you need to watch
your makeup a little bit.
Your white contrasts
with brown tones,
and what we're seeing
is almost a mask
on the top part of your face.
Okay.
There's something kind of fun
about this outfit.
You kind of look like a very
slutty worker at Sea World.
-Ooh, I like that.
-You know?
[Carson] The problem
is the way you presented it.
You did look a little timid.
The look isn't strong enough
on its own, unfortunately.
-It's just OTR.
-Yeah.
-What's OTR stand for?
-Off the rack, girl.
Up next, returning girl
Vanessa Vanjie Mateo.
Vanjie, you are
the perfect example
of why week one is so important
that you have to show us
who you are on the runway.
Because last year, you didn't.
If this is who Vanjie is,
well, good start.
You seem a little nervous.
Are you nervous?
No, just anxious.
Because last time
I thought I looked cute, too,
until I saw the footage.
[all laugh]
You have a lot of personality
that just oozes out of you,
in a different way from Soju.
[all laugh]
You just feel like someone you
want to get to know as a person,
and not just a drag queen
that you want to see what
they're gonna wear next week.
I don't really care.
I want to know what
you're gonna say next week,
and that's who a star is.
Thank you.
[RuPaul] Up next, Nina West.
Been a long time coming.
I've seen a lot
of audition reels from you.
Nine years.
Nine years?
Nine. Yeah.
Nina, what are on your feet?
And the--
what's on the dress?
I know. I'm not delusional
about what I'm wearing.
When Ru walked into
the workroom yesterday,
I was just gobsmacked.
I was--when I was a kid,
I remember purchasing
the maxi single of Super Model--
Hold on a minute, now.
[all laugh]
-Hold up, honey.
But to stand here
and have a full circle moment
and to feel like I have
possibly fucked it up,
that's heartbreaking to me.
Maybe this dress isn't so great.
The good thing is
is you have a great personality,
great stage presence.
So get out of your head,
because you have what it takes.
I'm gonna give it to you,
I promise.
[Michelle] Good.
Up next, Kahanna Montrese.
[Michelle]
This was so uncohesive for me.
And what really threw me off
was the stoning of your tights
stopped at the top of the leg.
If you're going to stone
the tights,
we need the stoning
to go all the way up.
How would you describe
your drag?
Oh, very--this is not a good
representation of my drag.
It's very, like,
a hip-hop showgirl.
But also very elegant.
I got lost because I was trying
to combine my drag with Katya's.
Well, but the challenge was
for you to interpret your style
using Katya's materials.
Um, to be honest,
it's hard when you've got
a Drag Race mother.
It's just
that expectation behind it,
and I've kind of been fighting
that my whole career, you know.
I just want to be able
to show who I am.
But in this business, you don't
get many second chances.
You've got to know who you are
and deliver that at all times.
Yes, ma'am.
[RuPaul] Thank you, ladies.
While you untuck backstage,
the judges and I
will deliberate.
All right, now just between
us squirrel friends,
what do you think?
We'll start with
Plastique Tiara.
I think that she's a real pro.
She knows how to create a great
look that flatters her body.
The con would be
she was playing it safe.
She gave us the pretty girl, but
I wonder if she can get gritty.
Let's move on down
to Brooke Lynn Hytes.
[Miley] I love that it really
represented the challenge,
because I don't think we can
say that for all of the girls.
Brooke Lynn
could have worn Nina's dress
and still be in the top,
because she had such confidence
and star power.
[RuPaul] A'Keria.
I loved the chaps.
I wear them
probably way too often.
And A'Keria for me took a risk,
because that big exaggerated
horse's mane sort of thing
that could be a yay or a neigh.
But it made me think
that there's more to her
than just a show pony.
You know, like--
[all laugh]
And the hits
just keep on coming.
Save a horse, ride a drag queen?
Yeah.
-Does that work?
-Sure.
[RuPaul]
Let's move on to Soju.
First of all, I'm not sure if
she was wearing flats or not.
[RuPaul]
She was wearing flats.
I mean, maybe the aesthetic
of that dress could have changed
if she had a nice heel on.
Ross Mathews, I know
you're obsessed with her cyst.
He's ob-cyst.
I'm ob-cyst.
That's my cyster up there.
[all laugh]
Oh.
Now, she was wearing flats
because she didn't want to slip.
Oh, my God.
I feel in love with her
when she opened her mouth.
There's a deep well
of kind of weird there.
But that outfit
was undeniably a mess.
[RuPaul] Mercedes Iman Diamond.
A Maybach, she ain't.
Ooh. [laughs]
No, more of like
a certified preowned Chevy.
Not a bad car.
[Michelle] You know how I feel
about a bodysuit.
It's just so unimaginative.
And she kept looking down.
I wasn't connecting
with any kind of personality.
She seemed overwhelmed, maybe,
intimidated by the crowd
that she was in.
[RuPaul] Vanessa Vanjie Mateo.
Vanjie looked good tonight.
I mean, we saw her
one time last year,
and her proportions
were so off.
Do you remember,
she was like a squished
little ball of flowers.
She was elongated tonight.
With that deep V,
she was cinched.
I just thought, okay,
this is somebody
who has finally gotten it.
I thought it was
one of the best of the night.
I think she met the criteria
of the challenge really well.
I love Vanjie.
Such a huge fan.
You're a Fanjie.
I'm a Fanjie. Fanjie.
[laughs]
Nina West.
Even though that dress looked
like a rare blood disease...
[Michelle laughs]
We got distracted by her
personality, by her sincerity.
[Ross] She's tried nine times
to be here.
It's just such a shame that
that is what she put together.
But it would just be
so anticlimactic
to have her go home right now.
It'd be un-American, actually.
You know, it'd be wrong.
It'd be like Trump
being president.
-Yeah.
-It'd just be so fucked up.
[RuPaul] Kahanna Montrese.
This look tonight by far
was my least favorite.
Really? More than Soju?
Yeah. At least--it's two colors
of tulle and a floral.
That made no sense.
That didn't bug me as much
as when I asked her
to describe her drag.
Yeah, she said
a hip-hop showgirl,
but kind of then went,
but I'm really classy.
I don't know about that
with your titty hanging out.
[laughs]
Silence.
I've made my decision.
Bring back my girls.
[RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies.
I've made some decisions.
Vanessa Vanjie Mateo.
You're safe.
Thank you.
Plastique.
-You're safe.
-Thank you.
Brooke Lynn.
This week
you hit the heights.
Con-drag-ulations.
You are the winner
of this week's challenge.
[cheers and applause]
[Vanjie] Come on, Brooke.
You've won
a seven-night stay in Paris,
including a luxury apartment
and airfare,
courtesy of misterb&b,
the world's largest
gay vacation rental service.
[Vanjie] Bitch,
can I go with you?
Thank you, everybody.
A'Keria C. Davenport,
you're safe.
Nina West.
You're safe.
Thank you.
Soju, your knots
weren't landing.
Mercedes Iman Diamond,
on the runway,
you ran out of gas.
Kahanna Montrese, tonight
you are a one-armed bandit,
but you did not hit the jackpot.
Mercedes.
You're safe.
Thank you.
You may join the other girls.
[exhales]
Kahanna Montrese, Soju,
I'm sorry, but you are up
for elimination.
Two queens stand before me.
Prior to tonight,
you were asked to prepare
a lip sync performance
of The Best of Both Worlds
by Hannah Montana.
Hey, whatever happened to her?
A lot of drugs.
[all laugh]
That won't make the edit.
Ladies, this is your last chance
to impress me
and save yourself
from elimination.
The time has come...
[thunder]
for you to lip sync...
[echoing] for your life.
So I'm in the bottom two,
and I'm going through it.
But I pick myself up, because
this is my moment to shine.
Best believe the judges
are gonna see exactly who I am.
I'm going to fight.
I can't go home right now.
I...
I don't wanna go home.
Good luck,
and don't fuck it up.
[music plays]
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ You get the limo out front ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Hottest styles,
every shoe, every color ♪
♪ Yeah, when you're famous,
it can be kinda fun ♪
♪ It's really you,
but no one ever discovers ♪
♪ In some ways you're just
like all your friends ♪
♪ But on stage you're a star ♪
♪ You get the best
of both worlds ♪
♪ Chill it out, take it slow ♪
♪ Then you rock out the show ♪
♪ You get the best
of both worlds ♪
♪ Mix it all together ♪
♪ And you know that
it's the best of both-- ♪
♪ You know
the best of both worlds ♪
♪ Pictures and autographs ♪
♪ You get your face
in all the magazines ♪
♪ The best part is that ♪
♪ You get to be
whoever you wanna be ♪
♪ Best, best ♪
♪ You got the best of both ♪
♪ C'mon, the best of both ♪
♪ Who would've thought
that a girl like me ♪
♪ Would double
as a superstar? ♪
♪ You get the best
of both worlds ♪
♪ Chill it out, take it slow ♪
♪ Then you rock out the show ♪
♪ You get the best
of both worlds ♪
♪ Mix it all together ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ It's so much better ♪
♪ 'Cause you know you've got
the best of both worlds ♪
[cheers and applause]
Ladies, I've made my decision.
Kahanna Montrese,
shantay, you stay.
Thank you so much.
You may join the other girls.
Thank you, guys.
[applause]
[RuPaul] Soju.
Your time here is short,
but you'll always
be part of our family.
Now sashay away.
Thank you.
[applause]
Who wants a shot of Soju?
Geonbae!
[laughter and applause]
[Soju] I'm disappointed.
I feel like I let my fans down.
But the Korean culture,
we don't give up.
We persevere.
And I think that's
what I'm gonna do, Ru.
[laughs]
Con-drag-ulations, ladies.
And remember,
if you can't love yourself,
how in the hell
you gonna love somebody else?
Can I get an amen in here?
Amen.
All right.
Now let the music play.
♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪
♪ To the moon ♪
♪ Come on and take me away ♪
♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪
[RuPaul] Next time
on RuPaul's Drag Race...
You'll be starring
in two breakthrough films.
[cheers and applause]
Action.
The all-powerful
charisma number.
[both laugh]
[laughs]
This shit sucks.
You are weird
and you are fierce
and I love it.
As a fan of the show,
I can't wait to see what you do.
This is a good season
of Drag Race.
I'm in love with you all
already.
That will go in the promo.
[all laugh]
If you agree, then
fucking speak up about it.
Put that shit on ice.
Girl, you better
put your own self on ice.
♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪
♪ To the moon ♪
♪ Come on and take me away ♪
♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪
♪ To the moon ♪
♪ Come on and take me away ♪
♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪
♪ To the moon ♪
♪ Come on and take me away ♪
♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪
♪ To the moon ♪